---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: "Hey, my name is Ryan Stevens. I was born in Missoula, Montana where I\n spent most of my life. In college I studied Nonprofit Management. I \nlove to read and write sci-fi along with hiking, biking and pretty much \nanything that has to do with being in the water. I love St. Patrick’s \nDay but I have never had the opportunity to enjoy a green beer. My \nhometown is surrounded by mountain ranges and is often referred to as \nthe “hub of five valleys” because of this. A large portion of my \nchildhood was spent outdoors and at night I would stay out for hours \nlooking up at the stars imagining worlds beyond our own. I would think \nabout giant fleets of interstellar ships exploring the vast reaches of \nspace and what it would be like to live during an era where everyone has\n their own personal space ship to get from planet to planet. The night \nsky has been my greatest source of inspiration when writing The \nUnderground series."
datePublished: '2016-04-04T19:35:01.481Z'
dateModified: '2016-04-04T18:59:53.329Z'
title: About Me
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2016-04-04-about-me.md
published: true
url: about-me/index.html
_type: Article

---
Hey, my name is Ryan Stevens. I was born in Missoula, Montana where I
spent most of my life. In college I studied Nonprofit Management. I 
love to read and write sci-fi along with hiking, biking and pretty much 
anything that has to do with being in the water. I love St. Patrick's 
Day but I have never had the opportunity to enjoy a green beer. My 
hometown is surrounded by mountain ranges and is often referred to as 
the "hub of five valleys" because of this. A large portion of my 
childhood was spent outdoors and at night I would stay out for hours 
looking up at the stars imagining worlds beyond our own. I would think 
about giant fleets of interstellar ships exploring the vast reaches of 
space and what it would be like to live during an era where everyone has
their own personal space ship to get from planet to planet. The night 
sky has been my greatest source of inspiration when writing The 
Underground series.

I have always enjoyed visiting southern 
California and getting see my cousins. We would surf, fish, and even 
went parasailing one time. One day when we were swimming around I 
remember thinking about how my friend from school had just recently told
me about how when you get a jellyfish sting that the only way to get 
the pain to stop is to apply urine and how silly that sounded. About 
half an hour or so all of a sudden it felt like someone swam up to me 
and stabbed a knife into my knee and at first I was about to be pulled 
away by a shark. My cousins rushed over because I let out a loud yell 
when it happened. They asked what happened and by that time I realized 
that there was no shark around so I told them that I must have scraped 
it on a rock to save face. I told them I was fine but it was already 
about time to go back to their house so we just left then. When I looked
at it two things crossed my mind that it was probably a jellyfish sting
and that I was going to have to pee on myself. It turned out that I was
right and thankfully it was just a minor sting so it totally healed on 
its own. I didn't tell anyone about it for several months afterwards. I 
don't know if I was just embarrassed about having had peed on myself or 
if I just didn't want the vacation to end with me at the doctor, but all
that seems so silly to me now.

Nowadays I like to make sure that I do the things that make me 
happy which includes doing what I can to help anyone that needs it. Most
of the profits from my books goes towards the fight against cancer. 
Having survived cancer myself I feel that this is the least I could do. 
All of the support that I received was incredible and I would love it if
I'm able to help provide that for many others. Hopefully advances in 
this area keep happening and we are able to find a cure soon.

One of these St. Patrick's Days I will have my green beer.