---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-04-05T15:03:04.543Z'
dateModified: '2016-04-05T15:02:48.300Z'
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
title: ''
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2016-04-05-8f4de62f-bc8f-4234-8697-a22cf53d988d.md
published: true
url: 8f4de62f-bc8f-4234-8697-a22cf53d988d/index.html
_type: Article

---
On the outer edge of Underground Alliance space, where there are almost 
no ships, no planets or even moons, there is a single research planet 
with but a small dwarf star.  There, the Morrow class ship, S.S. Chloe, 
is doing maintenance on a proximity array.  While docked to the 
proximity array the ship suddenly starts to shake, and in fear they 
detach from the array.  Upon putting some distance between themselves 
and it, their ship starts to report errors on board and in response the 
crew runs a search. They find that an outside search is hacking into its
system and in natural defense, their system self-destructs.    
A 
crash rings out with no one to hear.  A ship crashes into the S.S. 
Chloe, a T-Morrow class ship.  Their ship's strengthened armor is 
damaged and its silver, sleek looks are now scraped and smudged. Some of
the damage extends past the shield and damages the shield generator, 
long range communication and larger weapons.    
On the bridge is 
Cpt. Kimberly Hunter, a tall woman with dirty blond hair, eyes like a 
green and gray tornado, a petite figure and a scar running from her neck
to her left ear. She is standing above the bridge on its second level 
looking down at her crew, who are franticly looking at the monitors 
searching for the cause.    
An explosion brakes out of one of the 
consoles and 1st mate's Scott Clarke and Kelly Burns are both blown away
in the blast, bodies thrown to the other side of the bridge. Crew mates
run to assist them only to find that 1st Mate Clarke is impaled by 
glass with a shallow pulse, and upon moving him find he is bleeding 
excessively, quickly going into shock.  1st Mate Burns, at least, is in 
good shape although not conscious.   
The med team arrives on the 
bridge after an excruciating 12 minutes, an unusually long time, but 
Cpt. Hunter realizes in that moment the question she should have been 
asking all along, "How many people on my ship are dead or hurt?"